I greet all metal lovers
search and metal detection today we are with
you will meet with wonderful
tesoro representative metal detectors
my favorite metal detector tesoro
heavy for several seasons i
I use mostly just that
metal detector so with pleasure
it is presented to you so let's start with
that we will assemble a tesoro metal detector
heavy standard delivery
metal detector includes instructions
detailed instruction in Russian
which is both an image and a text
so I use it very easily
The instruction is your own device
tesoro top bar metal detectors
heavy on which the block is located
armrest and controls
mounted battery pack
this coil is 8 by 9 inches made by
monna technology
and originally equipped with a protective case
so you do not have to further it
purchase this 2 bar lower bar
on which is mounted the coil and the middle
rod which is adjusting
you see here are many
holes with which the size
metal detector is regulated under your
height or under your also in the kit
supplies included a plastic bolt with
a set of rubber gaskets and two blocks
a battery pack is also going to complete
which is nice so you can immediately
go search